Updated plugin documentation (Akeneo, JSON-LD, Spreadsheet, SQL, Sylius) (#16)
php-etl/documentation: content/connectivity/akeneo/expression-language.en.md

`dateTimeZone ( string date, string timezone [ string format ] )`

The results will be [`\DateTimeImmutable` PHP objects](https://www.php.net/manual/fr/class.datetimeimmutable.php).

#### Manage metrics with `metricAmount`, `metricUnit` et `formatMetric`

`metricAmount(string $value, int $decimalRound = 4)`

> This function will get the value of an attribute.

Reviewer: > This function will extract the decimal part of a metric attribute's value

> This function will get the value of an attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will extract the decimal part of a metric attribute's value
```

`metricUnit(string $value)`

> This function will get the unit of an attribute.

Reviewer: This function will extract the unit part of a metric attribute's value

> This function will get the unit of an attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will extract the unit part of a metric attribute's value
```

`formatMetric(array $attribut, string $locale)` 

> This function will formats the value according to a given country.

Reviewer: This function will format the metric according to the specified locale

> This function will formats the value according to a given country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function will format the metric according to the specified locale
```
